Document Static Environment Variables (#1357)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/serverless-functions/env-and-secrets.mdx

  Functions with a defined environment variable.
</Caption>

## Updating Environment Variables

> Environment variables are made available to an application statically at build time, which means that they do not update in the application unless it is redeployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Environment variables are made available to an application statically at build time, meaning that they do not update in the application unless it is redeployed.
```

If you change the value of a [Now Secret](#adding-secrets) or environment variable and want your application to be aware of this, you should deploy a new version.

> 

Reviewer 2: I didn't realize we had duplicate content in an entirely different file, can we keep it here in this section since it focuses on env and secrets?

Author: It's something we've not found a better solution for just yet unfortunately. Both sections need to have very similar content.

> If you change the value of a [Now Secret](#adding-secrets) or environment variable and want your application to be aware of this, you should deploy a new version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you change the value of a [Now Secret](#adding-secrets) or environment variable and want your application to be aware of this, you should create a new deployment.
```
